hey baby you up make sure you get up and
do something productive day all right
damn you are barely up before the
Roosters but you're gonna do then look
for time we use that degree what'd you
get up to get back in the bed but your
Instagram
baby don't forget we got that dinner
with my company tonight from where one
of those dresses that I bought you cover
up those tattoos and take them things on
your face nipple rings know jordans know
Jay be ready buddy
yeah she got the siblings daughter think
Wayne's and daughter oh yeah she got the
boys secret for today
let me slow
temple rains and dozens if faint bank
I'm morning if Ben face you want
guarantee i can't afford it hold down my
side and my fresh donut dog don't die
shorty so fly with them dimple rings and
Jordans Brazilian Peruvian that proclaim
chief already in my timeline asteco nine
likes to flex it for the world but he
claimed missing like broke a new jordans
or dick need more time well officially
our here I got to see these two you're
like okay I got passport if you Mexicans
everything you Johnny well surely wasn't
sure I got everything I got all gone
though you something this nice little
message is likewise and Kashmir region
in Freeport young again trying to do
with you and me time to a survival marry
you ASAP would be ready for you out of
it
I take your girl to make your rents of
my boo matter fact that make that akin
to the cruel passer to the next I see
only like she's footwear Kelly daddy for
you get it grew from blue shirt oh she
got that raises your rules playoffs with
her 10-2 told in the state code oh yeah
that girl she bowling cuz she got the
Rings what can i say fashion I think she
bought boy they got no guns in parades
and goodness see
so I
so they be so
dipper wines and judge if they think I'm
morning if anything she won't guarantee
i can't afford it bone down my side then
I crazy gonna go dun dun
yet you're making but I know lady shots
you get a kid no I don't trip she it's
on my side thinks she relating your main
bank they'll tell got Shorty's trying to
get it on my aim all upon my job in
nineteen famous but I'm getting cookies
cookies like Angus so you know I tickle
oh she Giga get fitter with her birth
though just got on the grip go get busy
a bitch those fresh off their chicks mr.
oh I bang the light the piccolo that's
why I be on gigolo ten thou- kiddo and
stole the slope I'm on the road rings
ship opposed side with these into BOS
under each see cleanse you far
so there is low
dimple rains and Jordans your fate bank
I'm morning if friends face you wanna
guarantee i can't afford it bone down my
side my fresh doughnut boy John's on
yeah I said she started off of Lowry
yeah where their feelings and
with them
different I'm down with it
you